OKTA-676273 Update SCIM - determine if User already exists section (#4601)
okta/okta-developer-docs: packages/@okta/vuepress-site/docs/reference/scim/scim-20/index.md

**GET** /Users

> Okta checks that the User object exists on the SCIM server through a GET method request with the `filter=userName eq "${userName}"` path parameter. This check is performed using the `eq` (equal) operator against the unique identifier for all users. You can use any other attribute (instead of `${userName}`) that was configured as a unique identifier for the SCIM integration.

Author: ```suggestion
Okta checks that the User object exists on the SCIM server through a GET method request with the `filter=userName eq "${userName}"` query parameter. Your SCIM server must support this query parameter to provision users with Okta successfully. This check is performed using the `eq` (equal) operator against the unique identifier configured for the SCIM integration.
```

> For example, if the email attribute is configured as a unique identifier, then the path parameter to determine if the user exist is `filter=userName eq "${email}"`.

Author: ```suggestion
For example, if the email attribute is configured as a unique identifier, then the query parameter to determine if the user exists is `filter=userName eq "${email}"`.
```
